oh what a nice day
dragons how are you doing by jacket
my town is an exciting village every day
better than the last look around and
you'll see the wonders that I've come to
oh no oh no idea yes there goes the
craftsman with his bin like call wings
with brand-new bombs and sword sister
and beside him there is Paul carrying
the Kings girls that'll bury here in
town oh we know
okay KITT boss so get that man oh good
morning I've come to return the book
that I stole
oh really already yeah I didn't
understand it I'm bringing it back to
you hahaha that's good to hear yeah well
um I think I must steal this 1.1 but
you've tried reading it already I don't
care I'm gonna read it I wish it could
be so cool about this
oh my god well that's nice no please
leave no I think I'm gonna stay I insist
okay well see you tomorrow
a very central yard I am a telepath
everyone shall filmmaker nearby
I will learn to read out do you think
that you can teach me
don't do that
if you eat my page I'll kill you yeah
for Chapter three
correct come on over a cathedral a del
pueblo neroon up a new canyon so
addictive Armitage